Prisma Schema SDK (#165)
prisma/specs: sdk-js/schema/README.md

# Prisma Schema SDK

- Owner: @weakky
- Stakeholders: @schickling
- State:
  - Spec: In-Progress 🚧
  - Implementation: Future 👽

> The Prisma Schema SDK is a library meant to programatically construct a Prisma Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prisma Schema SDK is a library to programatically construct a Prisma Schema. It is an alternative to using the [Prisma Schema Language (PSL)](../../schema/README.md)
```

> This is an alternative to the Prisma Schema Language (PSL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
